chore: Rewrite Opentracing doc (#4545)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs/content/installation/integrations/opentracing.md

---

NGINX Ingress Controller supports [OpenTracing](https://opentracing.io/) with the third-party module [opentracing-contrib/nginx-opentracing](https://github.com/opentracing-contrib/nginx-opentracing).

> {{< note >}} The examples below use the snippets annotations, which are disabled by default. To use snippets, set the [`enable-snippets`]({{< relref "configuration/global-configuration/command-line-arguments#cmdoption-enable-snippets" >}}) command-line argument.{{< /note >}}

Reviewer: Can we move this to the prereqs section? e.g.

```
2. Enable snippets annotations by setting the [`enable-snippets`]({{< relref "configuration/global-configuration/command-line-arguments#cmdoption-enable-snippets" >}}) command-line argument to true.
```

Author: resolved via commit

## Customize OpenTracing

> You can customize OpenTracing though the supported [OpenTracing module directives](https://github.com/opentracing-contrib/nginx-opentracing/blob/master/doc/Reference.md). Use the snippets ConfigMap keys or annotations to insert those directives into the `http`, `server` or `location` contexts of the generated NGINX configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can customise OpenTracing through the supported [OpenTracing module directives](https://github.com/opentracing-contrib/nginx-opentracing/blob/master/doc/Reference.md). Use the location-snippets ConfigMap keys or annotations to insert those directives into the generated NGINX configuration.
```

Author: ```suggestion
You can customize OpenTracing through the supported [OpenTracing module directives](https://github.com/opentracing-contrib/nginx-opentracing/blob/master/doc/Reference.md). Use the location-snippets ConfigMap keys or annotations to insert those directives into the generated NGINX configuration.
```

For example, to propagate the active span context for upstream requests, you need to set the `opentracing_propagate_context` directive, which you can add to an Ingress resource using the location snippets annotation:

```yaml
nginx.org/location-snippets: |
   opentracing_propagate_context;
```

> {{< note >}}The `opentracing_propagate_context` and `opentracing_grpc_propagate_context` directives can be used in `http`, `server` or `location` contexts according to the [module documentation](https://github.com/opentracing-contrib/nginx-opentracing/blob/master/doc/Reference.md#opentracing_propagate_context). However, because of the way the module works and how NGINX Ingress Controller generates the NGINX configuration, it is only possible to use the directive in the `location` context.{{< /note >}}

Reviewer: This note seems to contradict the first paragraph in the section. We'll need to get clarification on this.

Author: cc @vepatel

Reviewer 2: made suggestions above
